it was the night before Christmas and
children were dreaming of the presents
Santa would rare but this Christmas Eve
yo the unthinkable happened did not know
this night something should happen to me
put on my suit the reindeer will know
what to do it's up to them let's go to
save the day together Scott Calvin and
his son Charlie take on the biggest job
in the world and though it has it's
dangerous nice teeth he thought it was
just the one night for the new Santa I
am NOT Santa Claus
you put on the suit you're the big guy I
don't buy into this Santa Claus thing
then there would be millions of
disappointed children around the world
he doesn't want the job it was a dream
but it's growing on it I've gained 45
pounds a week now he's getting into the
spirit I want some ballet slippers and
getting ready for the biggest night of
his life how could I have done this
without you Charlie Walt Disney presents
a timeless tale that will warm your
heart love you soon lift your spirits
and make you believe pretty cool share
the merriment and the magic Sun isn't
believing oh you see Tim Allen say to
the Santa Claus